Update sensitivity-labels-sharepoint-onedrive-files.md (#825)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels-sharepoint-onedrive-files.md

Before you enable the preview, ensure that you're running the latest SharePoint Online Management Shell. If you already have the latest version, you can go ahead and enable the preview.

> 1. If you installed a previous version of the SharePoint Online Management Shell from Powershell Gallery, You can Update the module by running the below cmdlet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you have installed a previous version of the SharePoint Online Management Shell from PowerShell gallery, you can update the module by running the following cmdlet.
```

    ```PowerShell
    Update-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
    ```

> 2. Else, If you installed a previous version of the SharePoint Online Management Shell from the Microsoft download center, go to **Add or remove programs** and uninstall “SharePoint Online Management Shell.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Alternatively, if you have installed a previous version of the SharePoint Online Management Shell from the Microsoft Download Center, you can also go to **Add or remove programs** and uninstall the SharePoint Online Management Shell.
```

3. In a web browser, go to the Download Center page and [Download the latest SharePoint Online Management Shell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=255251).

4. Select your language and then click **Download**.

> 5. Choose between the x64 and x86 .msi file. Download the x64 file if you run the 64-bit version of Windows or the x86 file if you run the 32-bit version. If you don’t know, see [Which version of Windows operating system am I running?](https://support.microsoft.com/help/13443/windows-which-operating-system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Choose between the x64 and x86 .msi file. Download the x64 file if you run the 64-bit version of Windows or the x86 file if you run the 32-bit version. If you don’t know, see [Which version of Windows operating system am I running?](https://support.microsoft.com/help/13443/windows-which-operating-system)

```

> 6. After you download the file, run the file and follow the steps in the Setup Wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After you have downloaded the file, run the file and follow the steps in the Setup Wizard.
```
